things
and now every resident also it
so is okay it's not terrible but I would
never create this
the bluegrass berries disgusting you
could probably get something ten times
better than this that come bees chills
up so if I had to give them reading okay
I'm to fail okay
so what I think is the book lands but it
was actually kind of seller and I don't
really want to have that and my cool
item and watermelon it's nasty is that
they I don't even think it's that one
in general neither bees live up to the
fantastical all the stuff you notice
already has these are just an
embarrassing initiative
this is the watermelon would you just
come out with these
I'm the carried home we were trying to
find a way to took these down so
wouldn't be a total waste of money and
we found that if you combine them like
this
if you forget cheap people get away
though it's made into a slushie it's
still not great but it makes it a little
more available